Generate the config.
	Add caching configuration.
Figure out a good way to update the solr config remotely.
Move updates to after page render.
Revision deletes for oversighted articles (batch and in process)
Optimizations of batch loading (we'll need about 2000 pages/second to bootstrap enwiki in 10 days)
Handle offsets in Solr rather than MediaWiki. Only search what you need.
Very very safe batch scripts arround creating and deleting and updating shards.
Bundle up solr cloud so it can be installed nicely and without collection1.
Figure out a good way to update the index without blowing it away and rebuilding it.
In the text field index only text - not all the wikitext.
Escape the query terms properly.  urlescaping them is wrong because they get urlescaped later which
	causes searchs for non-ascii characters to fail spectacularly.
We're going to have to do something about the scores - a search for 
Handle html &ecric; style encoding - it should be searchable by regular e.
We should also be squashing accents for some languages.
enwiki has the following in Help:Searching that I don't think we support now but probably should at least consider:
	Entering an article title will jump to that article; to display a list of matches to the search term instead, prefixing the search term with "-" or "~" (see "Avoiding automatic direction to page" below) will force a full search.
	Wildcard search – A wildcard character *, standing for any length of character-string can prefix or suffix a word or string: *like will return "childlike" and "dream-like"; this*, returns results like "thistle". For example, the query *stan lists articles like Kazakhstan and Afghanistan.
	Search fuzzily – Spelling relaxation occurs by suffixing a tilde (~) like this~, with results like "thus" and "thins". For example, searching for james~ watt~ would return James Watt, James Wyatt, and James Watts. A mnemonic: <search>-ish.
	Search results! – Prefixing a tilde ~like this query always gives search results, never jumping to a single title. It functions as the keyboard shortcut to clicking on the "containing" option. For example, ~similiar finds pages with the misspelling, instead of being redirected to Similarity. Making tilde the first character disables a redirect. There will be no disambiguation page, no article, no single page as a result. A mnemonic: "wave of <search results>"
	The entire Parameters section.
	Stemming may be deactivated by using double quotes.



Things to test:
User pages
Unicode
Non-English Language
